applications/conga-cards/README.md, before:

# Block Paper Scissors

This project contains a basic illustration of integrating a Hyperledger Fabric 
Gateway Client application with a Discord Integrations application.

This project is based on the [#discord Getting Started](todo) guide.


## Running app locally

Before you start, you'll need to [create a Discord app](https://discord.com/developers/applications) with the proper permissions:
- `applications.commands`
- `bot` (with Send Messages enabled)

Configuring the app is covered in detail in the [getting started guide](https://discord.com/developers/docs/getting-started).

### Setup project

First clone the project:
```
git clone https://github.com/hyperledgendary/full-stack-asset-transfer-guide.git
```

Then navigate to its directory and install dependencies:
```
cd applications/conga-cards
npm install
```
### Get app credentials

Fetch the credentials from your app's settings and add them to a `.env` file (see `.env.sample` for an example). You'll need your app ID (`APP_ID`), server ID (`GUILD_ID`), bot token (`DISCORD_TOKEN`), and public key (`PUBLIC_KEY`).

Fetching credentials is covered in detail in the [getting started guide](https://discord.com/developers/docs/getting-started).

> 🔑 Environment variables can be added to the `.env` file in Glitch or when developing locally, and in the Secrets tab in Replit (the lock icon on the left).

### Run the app

After your credentials are added, go ahead and run the app:

```
node app.js
```

> ⚙️ A package [like `nodemon`](https://github.com/remy/nodemon), which watches for local changes and restarts your app, may be helpful while locally developing.

### Set up interactivity

The project needs a public endpoint where Discord can send requests. To develop and test locally, you can use something like [`ngrok`](https://ngrok.com/) to tunnel HTTP traffic.

Install ngrok if you haven't already, then start listening on port `3000`:

```
ngrok http 3000
```

You should see your connection open:

```
Tunnel Status                 online
Version                       2.0/2.0
Web Interface                 http://127.0.0.1:4040
Forwarding                    http://1234-someurl.ngrok.io -> localhost:3000
Forwarding                    https://1234-someurl.ngrok.io -> localhost:3000

Connections                  ttl     opn     rt1     rt5     p50     p90
                              0       0       0.00    0.00    0.00    0.00
```

Copy the forwarding address that starts with `https`, in this case `https://1234-someurl.ngrok.io`, then go to your [app's settings](https://discord.com/developers/applications).

On the **General Information** tab, there will be an **Interactions Endpoint URL**. Paste your ngrok address there, and append `/interactions` to it (`https://1234-someurl.ngrok.io/interactions` in the example).

Click **Save Changes**, and your app should be ready to run 🚀

## Other resources
- Read **[the documentation](https://discord.com/developers/docs/intro)** for in-depth information about API features.
- Browse the `examples/` folder in this project for smaller, feature-specific code examples
- Join the **[Discord Developers server](https://discord.gg/discord-developers)** to ask questions about the API, attend events hosted by the Discord API team, and interact with other devs.
- Check out **[community resources](https://discord.com/developers/docs/topics/community-resources#community-resources)** for language-specific tools maintained by community members.

Commit message:

README note for building a conga-cards docker image
Signed-off-by: josh <jkneubuh@us.ibm.com>

applications/conga-cards/README.md, after:

# Block Paper Scissors

This project contains a basic illustration of integrating a Hyperledger Fabric 
Gateway Client application with a Discord Integrations application.

This project is based on the [#discord Getting Started](todo) guide.


## Running app locally

Before you start, you'll need to [create a Discord app](https://discord.com/developers/applications) with the proper permissions:
- `applications.commands`
- `bot` (with Send Messages enabled)

Configuring the app is covered in detail in the [getting started guide](https://discord.com/developers/docs/getting-started).

### Setup project

First clone the project:
```
git clone https://github.com/hyperledgendary/full-stack-asset-transfer-guide.git
```

Then navigate to its directory and install dependencies:
```
cd applications/conga-cards
npm install
```
### Get app credentials

Fetch the credentials from your app's settings and add them to a `.env` file (see `.env.sample` for an example). You'll need your app ID (`APP_ID`), server ID (`GUILD_ID`), bot token (`DISCORD_TOKEN`), and public key (`PUBLIC_KEY`).

Fetching credentials is covered in detail in the [getting started guide](https://discord.com/developers/docs/getting-started).

> 🔑 Environment variables can be added to the `.env` file in Glitch or when developing locally, and in the Secrets tab in Replit (the lock icon on the left).

### Run the app

After your credentials are added, go ahead and run the app:

```
node src/app.js
```

> ⚙️ A package [like `nodemon`](https://github.com/remy/nodemon), which watches for local changes and restarts your app, may be helpful while locally developing.


### Running the app in docker 

This project contains a Dockerfile which can be used to build the app and 
distribute in a container for deployment to a remote Kubernetes cluster.

- Build the docker image: 
```shell
docker build -t conga-cards .
```

- Run the docker image, binding to port 3000 on the local system: 
```shell
docker run \
  --rm \
  --name conga-cards \
  --env-file .env \
  -p 3000:3000 \
  conga-cards
```

- TODO: Deployment and Ingress on a remote k8s cluster.

### Set up interactivity

The project needs a public endpoint where Discord can send requests. To develop and test locally, you can use something like [`ngrok`](https://ngrok.com/) to tunnel HTTP traffic.

Install ngrok if you haven't already, then start listening on port `3000`:

```
ngrok http 3000
```

You should see your connection open:

```
Tunnel Status                 online
Version                       2.0/2.0
Web Interface                 http://127.0.0.1:4040
Forwarding                    http://1234-someurl.ngrok.io -> localhost:3000
Forwarding                    https://1234-someurl.ngrok.io -> localhost:3000

Connections                  ttl     opn     rt1     rt5     p50     p90
                              0       0       0.00    0.00    0.00    0.00
```

Copy the forwarding address that starts with `https`, in this case `https://1234-someurl.ngrok.io`, then go to your [app's settings](https://discord.com/developers/applications).

On the **General Information** tab, there will be an **Interactions Endpoint URL**. Paste your ngrok address there, and append `/interactions` to it (`https://1234-someurl.ngrok.io/interactions` in the example).

Click **Save Changes**, and your app should be ready to run 🚀

## Other resources
- Read **[the documentation](https://discord.com/developers/docs/intro)** for in-depth information about API features.
- Browse the `examples/` folder in this project for smaller, feature-specific code examples
- Join the **[Discord Developers server](https://discord.gg/discord-developers)** to ask questions about the API, attend events hosted by the Discord API team, and interact with other devs.
- Check out **[community resources](https://discord.com/developers/docs/topics/community-resources#community-resources)** for language-specific tools maintained by community members.
